# HumaniTech
C^2 Hackathon

The app that we are trying to create is called Jump-Start. This application functions as an alram clock and displays an insirational quote as the user snoozes or disables the alarm. Studies have shown that 6 out of 10 people wake up with a morning mood aka grumpy. Our team believes that if a person wakes up in a better mood, they will have a better start to their day. This will not only allow the user to feel happier, but also improve their mental health in the long run.

Our application consists of two screens that the user interacts with. The main screen is the screen that first displays when the user opens up the application. The main screen displays a list of alarms that has been set by the user and a + button that gives the user an option to add a new alarm. By pressing the button to create a new alarm, the user is brought to our second page in which the user can set the time, day, and name of the alarm. Once the user finishes setting the alarm, the user may click on the "finish" button that brings the user back to the menu screen with the newly created alarm displayed.

In the beginning, our group really struggled with setting up and using Git. It took some practices, trial and error, and was not until about an hour later that our entire group had all the Git commands down. Git will become especially useful for us in the future when working on large projects with multiple people all contributing code at the same time. Another big challenge for us was learning how to use android studio to create the app. A few of our group members had a bit of experience with working with android studio. We were able to complete a substantial portion of our project; however, there were stuggles along the way. Using android studio involved a lot of researching and trial and error. Learning how to use android studio and how to make a simple android application will become extrememly useful when working on adroid apps in the future for hackathons, jobs, or individual projects.
